ref: remote updates (#4062)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/list.md

# remote list

> List all available
> [DVC remotes](/doc/user-guide/data-management/remote-storage).

Author: ```suggestion
List all `dvc remote` locations configured in the <abbr>project</abbr>.
```
